---
type: PostLayout
title: Chief of Delegates
date: '2024-02-17'
excerpt: ''
media:
  type: ImageBlock
  url: /images/slds.jpg
  altText: ''
  caption: Conference Poster (ctto)
  elementId: ''
addTitleSuffix: true
colors: colors-a
backgroundImage:
  type: BackgroundImage
  url: /images/bg2.jpg
  backgroundSize: cover
  backgroundPosition: center
  backgroundRepeat: no-repeat
  opacity: 100
---
In AIESEC, we usually also host seminars, mostly to onboard new members and introduce them to the organization and, also, certain people deliver sessions on various topics that mostly revolve around: Time management, Leadership skills, Soft skills and many other interesting topics. 

For every seminar, CoDs (Chief of Delegates) are selected to be in charge of the delegates (attendees) with the job description being:

*   Ensure the maximum number of attendance in the
     conference.

*   Collect the conference fees from the
     delegates.

*   Coordinate with the OC (Organizing Committee) team to facilitate
     check-in,check-out, lunch dispatching and
     announcements.

*   Provide and ensure transportation for
     the delegates.

*   Ensure safety measures implementation.

*   Challenge the delegates to be engaged
     and network during the conference days.

We were two Chiefs of Delegates for SLDS2024 (Sfax Leadership Development Seminar) and we did an amazing job by ensuring everyone enjoyed the seminar and were provided with everything they needed. This Experience though seems easy, was the hardest and most impactful one in my AIESEC journey, managing people and especially those new to the organization's culture (quite the culture shock), being in charge of people's money, safety and comfort wasn't a walk in the park, but we did it and we rocked it.

